p1 batch 1 - 3 new build pages created (#490)
OctoMind-dev/mintlify-docs: build-tests/autogenerate-tests.mdx

---

> title: Autogenerate tests

Author: yeah, i got dizzy from all the dashes. we overdash.

description: "Use our AI agent to suggest relevant test cases and spawn existing ones to increase your coverage."
icon: "wand-sparkles"
---

## Test autogeneration at sign-up

> When you sign up to Octomind, our AI Agent is going on a discovery journey of your site. It screen it and tries to come up with a few relevant tests to start with automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you sign up to Octomind, our AI Agent is going on a discovery journey of your site. It takes a screenshot and tries to come up with a few relevant tests to start with automatically.
```

> When you sign up to Octomind, our AI Agent is going on a discovery journey of your site. It screen it and tries to come up with a few relevant tests to start with automatically.

Reviewer: btw all of this will change in the next 2 weeks

Author: I know.

We can handle [2-factor authentification (2FA)](/advanced/2fa.mdx) and [captcha](/runtime/custom-headers.mdx) in login flows.

<Frame caption="AI agent asks for test credentials to autogenerate and run a login test, 05/2025">
  <img
    src="/images/build/autogeneration-login-found.png"
    alt="AI agent asks for test credentials to autogenerate and run a login test"
  />
</Frame>

<div class="mt-8" />

<Warning>
  These credentials are only usable for username/password logins not for social
  logins. Login using your Google, Facebook, etc. account will not work.
</Warning>

After these tests are autogenerated, we will validate them to see whether they work. If passed, they will be set as **active** meaning they will run when you [execute your test suite](/get-started/execute-test-cases).

<Frame caption="Autogenerated and validated test set as active, 05/2025">
  <img
    src="/images/build/autogenerated-active-test.png"
    alt="Autogenerated and validated test set as active"
  />
</Frame>

### First batch of tests is generated automatically

> Here comes the really cool part. Once we finished searching for a potential **login** and **cookie banner** test, we start generating 3 test cases for you automatically. You can follow the generation progress in the Agent progress bar:

Reviewer: this will also change in the next 2 weeks

Author: I know, and it should be easily erasable
